Enhance docs by adding contributing and code-of-conduct files (#372)
shipwright-io/build: docs/development/local_development.md

# Running on development mode

> The following document highlights how to deploy a Build operator locally for running on development mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following document highlights how to deploy the Shipwright operator locally for development.
```

Author: @adambkaplan on this one I think is `Build`. The operator is and have always been the `Build`, which defines the different sets of controllers(Build, BuildRun, ClusterBuildStrategy and BuildStrategy). Shipwright is just the org name, not the project neither operator name.

Reviewer: In Travis we are publishing the image as `quay.io/shipwright/shipwright-operator` - we should be consistent.

> **Before generating an instance of the Build operator, ensure the following:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Before generating an instance of the Shipwright operator, ensure the following:** 
```

Author: Same as above

> - Target your Kubernetes cluster. We recommend the usage of Kind for dev mode, you can see an our installation script in [install-kind.sh](/hack/install-kind.sh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Target your Kubernetes cluster. We recommend the usage of KinD for development, you can see an our installation script in [install-kind.sh](/hack/install-kind.sh)
```

Reviewer 2: @adambkaplan "you can see an our installation script" > "you can see our an installation script"

Reviewer: @SaschaSchwarze0 edited the suggestion.

Author: done

> - On the cluster, ensure Tekton controllers are running. You can use our Tekton installation script in [install-tekton.sh](/hack/install-tekton.sh)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On the cluster, ensure the Tekton controllers are running. You can use our Tekton installation script in [install-tekton.sh](/hack/install-tekton.sh)
```

Author: dine

---

> Once the code have been modified, you can generate an instance of the Build operator running locally to validate your changes. Follow this step:
> 
> For running the Build operator locally via the `local` target:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the code have been modified, you can generate an instance of the Build operator running locally to validate your changes:
```

Reviewer 3: Just to avoid confusion, in some texts we call it the `Shipwright operator` and here it is called `Build operator`.

Author: @HeavyWombat yep, is Build operator.

```sh

> pushd $GOPATH/src/github.com/shipwright-io/build
> make local

Reviewer 3: A `pushd` without a `popd` kind of feels lonely. I am not sure if other commands will follow or not, but if not, we could simplify it:
```suggestion
make -C $GOPATH/src/github.com/shipwright-io/build local
```

Author: done
